- PROBLEMS: I can update an answer row for a user, but only one row. If I log out and
try another user, it works for that user too, but as with the other one, it only
takes the last value that was answered. Also, the questions ID stays at one, I
think that's part of the problem. Not sure how to get it to change with the questions
ID, as I am already passing it through as a paramater.
- ✅ FIXED: I used ON CONFLICT ON CONSTRAINT ✅

WHAT I NEED TO DO TO GET MY APP RUNNING WITH BASE MODE:
1. ✅ Update the user's answer on the questions page.
2. Results page must show the condition's questions/answer pairs for ALL users
3. Results page must show a number of matches if there are duplicate answers for
    the same question amongst all users.
4. In results page, when condition is saved, it should be added to the profile page
    list. All it needs to do is provide a link with that conditions' name to get back
        to the results page. (Close to getting this part done)
5. ✅ Profile page needs to be able to EDIT the username of the user. 
6. ✅ Profile page condition list item needs to be able to be DELETED.
7. Results page needs to add a code, and if it matches with a condition, it will
    display a success message and the user's question/answers will be added to the
    condition's dataset of questions/answers. Any duplicate answers for the same
    question will just increase the count # of that question's ID, in the "occurs" 
    table column. (almost there)
8. Show a checkmark next to the condition on the profile page that you have an access
    key synced up for. 

HOW TO ADD/GET DATA FROM THE TABLES:
1. ✅ First, user's answers will all be saved to the answers table.
2. ✅ This data will be huge, but the user's ID will make it so I can sort
    through it by the user's ID. 
3. Results page will need to access that data. Each individual condition
     will only accept data where the USER'S ACCESS KEY matches the CONDITION KEY 
     for the condition that is being shown. To make that easier to understand,
     it's basically 
        SELECT "questions","answers" FROM "answers"
        JOIN "conditions"
        ON "conditions"."id" = "questions"."id"
        JOIN "user"
        ON "user"."id" = "answers"."id"
        WHERE "user"."key" == "condition"."key" AND
        "condition"."name" == (current condition);

GOOD MORNING, HERE WHAT TO DO :( ) :
1.✅ Go to results page. You have access key working. 
2. ✅ When the access key is accepted, run a dispatch called
    "SET_KEY". 
3. ✅ Find out if I need to create a new saga for it,
    I can probably use the user.saga.js and such.
4. ✅ The DB request will be a PUT, as I'm updating the info key for users.
5. ✅ INSERT INTO "user" ("key")
    VALUES($1)
    ON CONFLICT (id) DO
    UPDATE SET "key" = $1
    WHERE "user"."id" = $2
6. ✅ Looks like I'll need to send the data of the user's id as well.
7. This INSERT statement will make it so if there is already a key
    there, it will just add another on to it. 
    When I pull up the results page, I will have to take the
    conditions list and compare their key values to the key
    values of each user. If there is a match, the condition
    will need to grab the questions/answers data from that user
    and compile it with the others who also have those keys.
END OF DAY REVIEW: I DID get this working, users can add
    keys to their existing user rows. However, I still need to 
    figure out how to ADD multiple keys rather than what it's doing
    now, which is REPLACING the existing key. If, when the user
    enters their key, the global database gets updated permanently,
    then I won't have to worry about it because they won't need
    to use those keys anymore. If, each time the conditions page
    renders a condition and it needs to loop through the list
    of users with that specific key in order to get their questions data,
    then I WILL need to make sure the keys get saved and not overwritten.

NOTES FOR TOMORROW:
1. ✅ Use the existing GET method for the users' list of saved
    conditions, grab the data from the redux store.
2. ✅ Display the data in the table on the user's profile page,
    sort by that user's ID.
3. OH, by the way, I'm currently using PUT to add user's answers
    to the answers table. I think I need to use POST.
    It will look like INSERT INTO "answers" ("user_id","answer")
    VALUES ($1,$2);
    Then, I will be able to GET that data and sort only where
    the user's ID matches the currently logged in user.
    I need to find out where to put my conditional rendering for
    this. I'm looking for something along the lines of: 
    IF "USER"."ID" == TRUE && "QUESTIONS"."ID" == TRUE
    && "ANSWERS"."ANSWER" LENGTH > 1,
    UPDATE "ANSWER" ELSE 
    IF "USER"."ID" == TRUE && "QUESTIONS"."ID" == TRUE
    && "ANSWERS"."ANSWER" LENGTH == 0,
    INSERT A NEW ROW WITH (USER_ID,QUESTION,ANSWER,?COUNT?)..
    so, this statement will have to be on the POST route somewhere.
    If I'm updating the answer, that's a PUT, so i'm not fully
    sure how I'm going to do this, but we'll have to ask around
    
   
Today in FETCH_QUESTIONS router, I added DISTINCT keyword.
This way it will only show the current user's questions/answers.
I will still need to loop through ALL user's questions/answer
at one point when I'm displaying that data on the conditions page.

Monday Nov 21nd, end of day review:

After Edan helped me understand ON CONFLICT ON RESTRAINT, I've been able to make some SOLID
progress. 
WHAT NEEDS TO GET DONE STILL FOR BASE:
1. Select user's can currently add an access key to a condition. However, I need to make it
   so it doesn't overwrite the last access key code, but instead add it. I can either do that
   by INSERTING a new row with the new code for that user, or UPDATING the current column and
   aggregating it into an array. Not sure how to extract it when it's like that but I'm sure it'S
   not too complicated. 
2. On profile page load, automatically check for user's keys and compare it to the access keys
    of each condition that the user has in their "user_conditions" table list. I have "verified"
    currently as a column on the "user_conditions" table as a boolean. So, from the results page,
    when the access key code is added, I need to somehow set the verified from false to true.
    I'll run a conditional that says "if user_conditions.verified == true, then display check ✅."
    I can easily do this in the map() part of the render, the issue is where I will actually
    update the data for verified to change, for that specific user. 
3. Results page: 

-On the results page load, I need to loop through the whole list of conditions,
    and select the condition that matches the one that is currently showing.
-Then, I need to grab ALL the question/answer combos from ALL users but only
    where the user's access key code matches that specific condition's access key code.
-After grabbing that data, I need to loop through it all in a table structure.
-In that map(), I need to conditionally render the data so that if a user has the same
    question_id and the same answer, only ONE question/answer will show. 
-In the case that there are matching answers, whenever that happens I need to change a 
    global variable that is a part of the <table> <td> rowset that will increase instead
    count by one, every time that happens, for that specific question ID. 
